Intro (A little bit about the target of this video)

This video made specially for RS SCHOOL project. I'm passing this course since 7th of September 2020. 
I've no previous expiriense as a front-end developer and many of things were interesting, partially difficult for understand but still very exiting.
In this video I want to tell you about Audio API and some features related to it.

Main Part (I) - Some theory

First of all, Audio API is very powerful tool for controlling audio on the Web. It allow developers to choose audio sources, create audio visualizations,
and even apply spatial effects. Basic audio operations are performed with audio nodes, which are linked together to form an audio routing graph.

A simple, typical workflow for web audio would look something like this:
1. Create audio context
2. Inside the context, create sources — such as <audio>, oscillator, stream
3. Create effects nodes, such as reverb, biquad filter, panner, compressor
4. Choose final destination of audio, for example your system speakers
5. Connect the sources up to the effects, and the effects to the destination.

Main Part (II) - Why not just use <audio>?!
If you want make something simple like add audio to the Web and just play and stop it, audio tag is enough. But audio has several limitation that
keep it rfom being reliable for audio-intensive applications. There are some restrinctions related to <audio>:
1. limited number of samples can be played at once
2. no real-time effects
3. no audio synthesis
4. no way to analyze sound or create visializations

Main Part (III) - Dive deep to the history
Let's take a look at the picture of the evolution of sound on the Web.
We can compare bgsound with homo habilis, flash with homo erectus, audio with neanderthalesis and Audio API with homo sapiens. Funny comparison in my opinion.

All these tags are deascribed on the next slide.

<bgsound>
It has four attributes.
Balance - defines how the volume will be divided between the speakers.
Loop - this attribute indicates the number of times a sound is to be played
Src - This attribute specifies the URL of the sound file to be played

flash - Sound files, which come in a variety of formats, are handled differently and inconsistently by different browsers and on different computers

<audio> - is used to embed sound content in documents. It may contain one or more audio sources
autoplay -A Boolean attribute: if specified, the audio will automatically begin playback as soon as it can do so or not
controls - If this attribute is present, the browser will offer controls to allow the user to control audio playback, including volume, seeking, and pause/resume playback.
currentTime - current playback position, in seconds, of the audio
loop - if specified, the audio player will automatically seek back to the start upon reaching the end of the audio.
src - the URL of the audio to embed
muted - a Boolean attribute that indicates whether the audio will be initially silenced

Main Part (IV) - Dive deep to the history
In this example I want to show the result of audio visialization that that has been made by using Audio API.


